feat: Add support for TriggerConfigurations in DeploymentConfiguration (#1195)
awslabs/serverless-application-model: versions/2016-10-31.md

```

#### DeploymentPreference Object
Specifies the configurations to enable Safe Lambda Deployments. Read the [usage guide](../docs/safe_lambda_deployments.rst) for detailed information. The following shows all available properties of this object.

> Valid values for TriggerEvents can be found in the [TriggerConfig API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/APIReference/API_TriggerConfig.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TriggerConfigurations takes a list of [TriggerConfig](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/APIReference/API_TriggerConfig.html) objects.
```

    # Validation Lambda functions that are run before & after traffic shifting
    PreTraffic: !Ref PreTrafficLambdaFunction
    PostTraffic: !Ref PostTrafficLambdaFunction
  TriggerConfigurations:
    # A list of trigger configurations you want to associate with the deployment group. Used to notify an SNS topic on 
    # lifecycle events.
    - TriggerEvents:
      # A list of events to trigger on.
      - DeploymentSuccess
      - DeploymentFailure
      TriggerName: TestTrigger

>       TriggerTargetArn: !Ref MySNSTopic  # SNS Topic must be created in the same template

Reviewer: The comment is incorrect, right? The SNS topic doesn't have to be created in the same template for this to work since we're just passing it right through to the `AWS::CodeDeploy::DeploymentGroup` resource. I'd suggest removing the comment as it will cause confusion.

Author: You're right, not sure what my thought process was there. Removed the offending comment!
